BGC-Fi Tecchnologies
Application to become an approved third party manufacturer as per HIP19
Summary
We would be acting as sole Distributor , Reseller and After Sales Services Provider for ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited

Company Information 
What is your company name? BGC-Fi Tecchnologies
How long have you been in business? New Entity for Radio Sales Business
What kind of products have you created? N/A
How many have you sold? None - new to Helium Hotspot sales, Already in business of Other Mining Equipment sales from almost 6 Years.
What brought you to Helium etc? Community demand 

Product Information (required) N/a ( will be taken care by ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited )
Your time to shine! What are you building? What’s so great about it? We will be making the necessary aftersales including proper installations , to make the network work most efficiently. And miners get better coverage .
What is your approximate price point? USD 500 to USD 750 ( Indoor & Outdoor models respectively )
Detailed hardware designs, including relevant parts
Evidence of a functioning prototype - photos, videos. Renderings are OK but physical prototypes are much, much better.
Your plan for software setup and configuration for the devices. This would presumably include remote updates and the ability for hosts to change wifi settings, via Helium's official app or otherwise.
What is your expected production and delivery timeline? Photos and videos welcome.

Previous shipments (required) New Association with ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited , to make this bottleneck resolved and faster delivery+installation to all the clients 
Startups welcome! Answer No if that's the answer. 

Have you shipped anything in the past? N/A
Which countries have you previously shipped regulatory FCC or CE approved products? N/a
Which countries do you plan to ship to? N/a

Customer Support (required)
How will your customers be able to contact you for support for your products? Toll Free Numbers for India, Whatsapp Support & Video support .
For how long? How are you planning to handle repairs and replacements? 2 Years

Hardware Security Element (required) N/a ( will be taken care by ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited )
The community is concerned about devices that can be easily hacked, specifically by copying their swarm_key files. Applications should include plan for how the devices will be secured, potentially including:
Encrypted/locked-down firmware
Encrypted storage of the miner swarm_key, either via disk encryption or hardware measures like an ECC chip
Encrypted buses, potting and other anti-tampering measures.
Willingness to submit a prototype for audit, and sharing those audit results publicly (pass or fail)

Hardware Information (required) N/a ( will be taken care by ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited )
Please let us know:

Which security (swarm) element are you using?
Which LoRa chipset are you planning to use in your gateway (ie SX1302/03 & SX1250s or SX1301/08 & SX1255/57)
We recommend you don't use the SX1301 in new designs
Where are you sourcing your components from?
How many radio modules/ concentrators can you procure?
Manufacturing Information (required)
Have you built and delivered radio hardware products before?
Have you built gateways before?
How many gateways did you make?
If you have not built gateways before, are you using a third party manufacturer? This is the single largest risk with most hardware ventures. If possible please provide information about your manufacturing partners and supply chain.

Proof of Identity
Per typical KYC/AML procedures, proof of identity for major shareholders (25%+ ownership) will be expected to be provided privately to representatives from Helium Inc or DeWi board members. This will be attested and publicly confirmed by those representatives, e.g. as GitHub comments.
Contact details for this will be provided after your application is submitted on GitHub.
Budget & Capital (required) : INR 50 Million 
How many of these are you hoping to make and sell? ( To be produced by ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited & Sold + Serviced by Us ) approx 20000 gateways by Feb 2022
How much money will be required up-front? How much money do you have on-hand, and how much do you have access to? What is your plan for additional financing if required? We will provide sufficient liquidity to ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited to help them manufacture goods and delivery in time , without cash crunch
Risks & Challenges (required)
Please tell us about some of the challenges that would prevent these products from becoming a reality, and how you might address them. Product is already a reality with ClodPi Labs (India) Private Limited , we will make the network a bigger & better reality with Joint efforts

Other information (required)
Contact info (* required) - Ashish Dhingra
Twitter profile - https://twitter.com/ashishdhingra
Facebook profile -
Other social profiles -
Website - www.heliumbybgc.in  ( under construction )
Payment methods available - UPI , Bank Transfer , Credit Card , Debit Card , Alipay , GooglePay , ApplePay.
Regions covered / shipped to - Focused India and neighbouring countries.
