KauZ LLC (Trimen LLC)
Application to become an approved third party manufacturer as per HIP19
Summary
Kauz LLC is a subsidiary of Trimen LLC, a company from the Ukraine that specializes in development, production and serial production of devices observation and aiming with the introduction of modern technologies for armaments and military equipment.

We are proposing a new breed of secure Helium Hotspots (indoor, outdoor, light-gateways) and periferal Helium equipment.

Company Information
KauZ LLC is a subsidiary of Trimen LLC, Trimen LLC was founded in 2007.
Our company accumulated rich experience during our existence, created a good team of highly qualified specialists, developed and mastered a number of new technologies.
We are one of the few companies capable of developing, designing, building, put into operation various devices, appliance and systems and provide them in-depth integration.
Our head office and production facilities are located in Kiev, Ukraine. 
Trimen is a leading manufacturer of devices and equipment.
We are planning to produce Helium gateway and periferal equipment as Kauz LLC. Because the military direction and the civil one must be legally separated.
Kauz LLC uses the same production lane as Trimen LLC. In fact, this is one and the same company, only different names.

Helium is a bold take on IoT and blockchain/crypto, we see the potential and value of Helium.
In our opinion Helium is the first blockchain trying to solve something that is a real struggle.

Product Information
We are building a new breed of gateways that are more attractive and more compact.

Helium Hotspot Miner Features ($450-$550):

Concentrator based on the Semtech SX1302/SX1303/SX1308 with ADR (with different LoRaWan, Wi-Fi and GPS antenna)
Frequency band: 470MHz/868MHz/915MHz/923MHz and other
Raspberry PI Compute Module 4 (32 GB Storage, 2GB RAM) with Wi-Fi and BT
ECC608 encryption chip for swarm keys storage
Motherboard can be swapped between 2 cases (indoor and outdoor)
Built-in heatsink for better temperature management
Power AC/DC unit from 5 to 12 volt (PoE+ 802.3at develop)
Local Web dashboard for easy diagnostics and reporting
Remote Management console
Different methods of onboarding (BLE, local web onboarding, remote onboarding)
Automatic self diagnostic and repair.
Graceful shutdown in case of power failure

Helium Light Gateway Feature (planned with periferal equipment):

Concentrator based on the Semtech SX1302/SX1303/SX1308 with ADR
Frequency band: 470MHz/868MHz/915MHz/923MHz and other
ECC608 encryption chip for swarm keys storage
Power AC/DC unit from 5 to 12 volt (PoE+ 802.3at develop)
Remote Management console
Minimal configuration
Work with Helium software

Our software is custom and will include OTA updates for the lifetime of the device, encompassing useful features in addition to the original features.
The main direction our company's activities are development, production and serial production of devices observation and aiming with the introduction of modern technologies for armaments and military equipment.
The company has all the features technologies and rights to intellectual property (developments are protected relevant patents).
During our work we have achieved results that significantly improve combat possibilities of samples of armaments and equipment where our devices development and production are used.
We use the latest devices and systems in our methods and means of data processing in video, "tracking" electric drives, control of external systems, preliminary definition range by angular parameters, ballistic calculations, as well as we develop and manufacture our own video display devices (monitors, glasses), control panels, external information processing units, control units for external systems (including remote control), positioning units in space and even their own cable harnesses to combine these systems in general complexes.
Please see Our site: https://trimen.com.ua
We are able to produce 10,000 units a week. Our first batch will be scheduled for delivery by the end of Jan 2021.
Trimеn has been supplying its products for many years. We plan to supply Miners all over the world.

Customer Support
Customer support will be handled via Discord, email and via our dashboard. We plan on providing support and updates for the lifetime of the product.
Repairs/Replacements will be handled domestically:
If the device is defective due to our manufacturing process or shipping/mishandeling on our part we will immediately ship a replacement out.
If the device/one of modules is defective due to user mishandeling/error we will provide repair or ship-out a replacement part for a price.
This includes case, concentrator, raspberry pi, motherboard, charger, antenna.

Hardware Security
Our gateway has an ATECC608B encryption chip which is originally used.
Because of this, you will face three main challenges when implementing secure authentication on a LoRaWAN network:
Protecting the symmetric keys both in the network backend and at the edge node
Overcoming the manufacturing logistics of securely shipping and distributing the physical keys into millions of edge nodes
Preventing attackers who will be taking advantage of this known security weakness from accessing keys and exploiting your system
To overcome these challenges, you can strengthen the authentication process by implementing a secure hardened key storage both at the node and in the LoRaWAN backend.
This prevents the exposure of authentication keys to software, firmware, manufacturing sites, end users and other third parties.
We use ATECC608B as the swarm keys issued by Helium.
The sharing of prototype for adult result could be further discussed and arranged.
Samples can be provided to DeWi and/or Helium and be submitted to any tests.

Manufacturing Information
We have own the factory manufacturing our products we manufacture and supervise manufacturing for various products, and ensured the highest quality product.
We have been manufacturing and distributing our own brand products for over 12 years and work with a number of trusted manufacturing partners.
We will use these trusted partners for the Helium gateways so as not to introduce any unknowns into the manufacturing process.
We also have strong relationships with a variety of electronics component suppliers and will use these relationships to ensure we have resilience in our supply chain.

Proof of Identity
Submitted privately to DeWi.

Budget & Capital
We intend to proceed with a first batch of 5000 to 10000 pcs but we can scale this up should the pre-order demand require it.
We have secured all the capital needed in order to bring the first batch to market.
By owning factory production delays due to lack of capital will not be an issue.
Our factory is continuously running and stable and profitable.

Risks & Challenges
The biggest challenge that we see is the production of SX1302/SX1303/SX1308, and the availability of raspberry Pi’s.
We have tested the electronics design thoroughly already and the core LoRaWAN hardware had been well proven by us and our customers over the last few years.
We also have a lot of experience with manufacturing our own hardware, so we don't anticipate any issues.
The packaging design and all other aspects of the project are nearly finalised.
He biggest challenge that we see is the production of SX1302/SX1303/SX1308.
We think that with good management these issues are not going to pose a problem and not cause delays.
We intend to order/manufacture 30% more than we actually need in order to satisfy repairs and not hinder future production.
Fortunately the manufacturer we are working with is one we have successfully used many times before and we know and trust they can deliver to schedule.
As an established and busy e-commerce business Trimen are easily capable of handling the shipping burden of this project and have all the frameworks in place to achieve this quickly and efficiently.
We will be using DHL for our shipping and the shipping is fully insured and tracked.
With current component availability, a 10000 unit batch of boards would take about 8 to 10 weeks to produce.
We will place the first production order immediately when we get manufacturer approval.

Other information
Desired Discord support channel name - (to be created)
Twitter profile - (to be created)
Telegram profile - (to be created)
Facebook profile - https://www.facebook.com/trimen.ukraine/
https://www.facebook.com/kauz/ (in progress)
Website - https://trimen.com.ua
https://www.kauz.com (in progress)
e-mail - trimen.ua2019@gmail.com
phone - +380950427040
Payment methods available - Payment methods available - All major credit cards accepted, crypto (USDT, USDC, BUSD, other stablecoin in different blockchain, ERC20, BSC20, TRX, OMNI etc.) and HNT soon.
Regions covered / shipped to - Support worldwide shipment
